okay guys and thank you very much for
being with us she esters international
and this this time we got to do the
lantern robots a hidden choten go chic
is a hidden church in thai gayo I
actually you know there's a one thing
more for the day after demonstrations to
death now I forgot to show you the
gimmick of the others disks now I have
the the shin ki model together with me
and then I combined with the disks the
can't came was the atty Goryeo and
here's the assembly desk here and so I
will turn and you can see the you know
animations here ok so this is the kind
of you know as you see that right now it
says the samurai in kanji characters and
as I turn let's go the other side all
right and I would do it again and come
back so as I turn ok this is summer I
kanji don't turn around alright so this
is the one of the district shameless the
addai boil ok here's one more ok so let
me change that disk ok actually this is
low the other disks that are keen was
alright so let's try that
okay so I'm trying to look for holy F
the best position that i can show you
the light animations there ok so let's
try this one well maybe the other way
sorry ok coconut it's ok right as I turn
oh I see can you see that animations I
think it's a wheel turns as i turn the
address the wheeled automations turns so
this is the two one of the two disks
that came was the hidden church in die
gory oh ok so you can see the animations
that all right it's a spinning wheel
right ok Oh reason I'll talk to you
later then we're going to have the the
cumulative doubles metal shaft
demonstration after this and so be back
so these are the two discs came with the
dial so I hope you enjoy that and if you
are collector of these disks and be sure
to check the diarrhea ok thank you very
much